**Voiceover:** The Reality Exploit Roundtable has uncovered disturbing evidence
of statist belief systems in nearly 100% of humans.

**Voodoo:** Hello and welcome to Reality Exploit Roundtable episode uno! Today
we'll be putting the agorist spin on European banking shenanigans, gang on gang
violence in Mexico, slave on slave violence in the US, and clown on customer
violence in Paris. 

My name is Voodoo and I'll be your host and moderator for this first episode of
The REality Exploit Roundtable.

We've got a rockstar panel with us of the leading lights in the field of people
who like to hear themselves talk. Let's get right to them.

From his TAZ deep in the heart of a hollowed out European volcano, the co-author
of Second Realm: Book on Strategy, tribe incubator and meditation instructor,
Smuggler!

**Smuggler:** hey hey

**Voodoo:** Taking a break from his usual studies of anarcho-capitalism,
meshnets, reputation networks and the economy of Eve online, Plato's come out of
his cave to join us.

**Plato:** Good afternoon or evening

**Voodoo:** Pulling himself away from katana-filled dreams of the flotsam of the
world drifting down the left coast of the US, Hiro!

**Hiro:** Here

And one step away from being the world kingpin of knock-off jewelry, Wise-guy!

**Wise-guy:** Wuzzup!

**Voodoo:** Welcome all of you. Please return your seatbacks and tray tables to
their full upright position, and let's get started!

Topic number one: According to Wired's [Threat Level
blog](http://www.wired.com/threatlevel/2012/07/massive-phone-surveillance/),
mobile phone surveillance by police targets millions of Americans annually:

> Mobile carriers responded to a staggering 1.3 million law enforcement
requests last year for subscriber information, including text messages and phone
location data. The company said they were working around the clock and charging
millions in fees to keep up with ever growing demand. The number of americans
affected each year by growing use of mobile phone data by law enforcement could
reach into the tens of millions, as a single request could ensnare dozens or
even hundreds of people. Law enforcement has been asking for so-called 'Cell
Tower Dumps', in which carriers disclose all phone numbers that connected to a
given tower during a certain period of time.

Here's congressman Ed Markey of Massachusetts, warning us of some sort of
natural disaster:

**[clip:](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3qSuVkurJPw)** We have to make sure the
protections are built in up front, rather than having a privacy tsunaaami hit
our country, where people now realize they have no privacy.

**Voodoo:** A tsunaaami. Hey Plato, I think I'm simple here... I figured that I
was payin' my phone company to keep my private conversations private. Do these
companies care about privacy, or just privacy outside the western world?
